== Description
   A list of attributes handled by html-table.  Each of the writers has a
   corresponding reader unless otherwise stated.

== Attributes
abbr=(string)
   Sets the value for the abbr attribute.

align=(string)
   Sets the align attribute.  Valid arguments are 'left', 'center' and
   'right'.  An ArgumentError is raised if an invalid argument is passed.

axis=(string)
   Sets the value for the axis attribute.

background=(url)
   Sets the background attribute.  The url must be a String or a TypeError
   is raised.  This is a non-standard extension.

bgcolor=(color)
   Sets the color for the bgcolor attribute.  Hex values should still be
   quoted, e.g. "#F80000".

border=(num)
   Sets the value for the border attribute.

bordercolor=(color)
   Sets the color for the bordercolor attribute.  This is a non-standard
   extension.

bordercolordark=(color)
   Sets the color for the bordercolordark attribute.  This is a non-standard
   extension.

bordercolorlight=(color)
   Sets the color for the bordercolorlight attribute.  This is a non-standard
   extension.

cellpadding=(num)
   Sets the value for the cellpadding attribute.  Raises an ArgumentError if
   num.to_i is less than 0.

cellspacing=(num)
   Sets the value for the cellspacing attribute.  Raises an ArgumentError if
   num.to_i is less than 0.

char=(character)
   Sets the value for the char attribute.  An ArgumentError is raised if the
   argument passed has a length greater than 1 (i.e. it may only be a char).

charoff=(value)
   Sets the value for the charoff attribute.

colspan=(num)
   Sets the colspan attribute.

content=(*args)
   The behavior of this method varies largely based on the type of instance
   that invokes it.  Here are the rules for each +arg+ in +args+:
    
   +Table+:
    
   If +arg+ is a Row, Head, Foot, Body or ColGroup object, it is
   pushed onto the table.  If +arg+ is a string, one Row object with
   one one Data object is pushed onto the Table.  If +arg+ is an Array,
   one Row object is created and each element of the array is pushed
   onto that Row.
    
   +Table::Row+:
    
   If +arg+ is a Header or Data object, it is pushed onto the Row.  If
   +arg+ is a String, it is created as a single Data object.  Attempts
   to assign any other type will raise a TypeError.
       
   +Table::Head, Table::Foot, Table::Body+:
    
   Behave identically to Table::Row except that they accept Table::Row
   objects as well.
       
   +Table::ColGroup+:
    
   Behaves identically to Table::Row except that it only accepts Col objects.
       
   +Table::Col+:
    
   This method is undefined for Table::Col, because they do not accept
   content.
       
   +Table::Data and Table::Header+:
    
   Sets the text string for the Data or Header object.  Arrays are join'd.
   Any other type raises a TypeError.  

frame=(type)
   Sets the value for the frame attribute.  Valid values are border, void,
   above, below, hsides, lhs, rhs, vsides, and box.  An ArgumentError is
   raised if an invalid type is detected.

height=(num)
   Sets the value for the height attribute.  Raises an ArgumentError if
   num.to_i is less than 0.

hspace=(num)
   Sets the value for the hspace attribute.  Raises an ArgumentError if
   num.to_i is less than 0.

nowrap=(bool)
   Sets the value for the nowrap attribute.  Setting it to true means it will
   be included as an attribute for the Table object.  The default is false
   (i.e. not included).

rowspan=(num)
   Sets the value for the rowspan attribute.

rules=(edges)
   Sets the value for the rules attribute.  Valid values are all, groups,
   rows, cols, or none.  An ArgumentError is raised if an invalid edges value
   is detected.

scope=(scope)
   Sets the value for the scope attribute.  Valid values for +scope+ are
   row, col, rowgroup or colgroup.  An ArgumentError is raised if an invalid
   scope value is passed.

span=(num)
   Sets the span attribute.  If num.to_i is less than 0, and ArgumentError
   is raised.

summary=(string)
   Sets the value for the summary attribute.

valign=(position)
   Sets the value for the valign attribute.  Valid values are top, center,
   bottom, and baseline.  This is a non-standard extension.

vspace=(num)
   Sets the value for the vspace attribute.  This is a non-standard
   extension.

width=(num)
   Sets the value for the width attribute.  If num is in 'x%' format, it
   is retained as a string.  If num is a Fixnum (or stringified number), an
   ArgumentError is raised if num.to_i is less than 0.
