= Description
   A Table::Row object represents a single <TR></TR> instance for an HTML
   Table.  Although it is nested under Table, it is not a subclass of Table.
   It is, however, a subclass of Array.

== Synopsis
   require "html/table"
   include HTML

   table = HTML::Table.new

   row1 = Table::Row.new{ |r|
      r.align   = "left"
      r.bgcolor = "green"
      r.content = ["foo","bar","baz"]
   }

   row2 = Table::Row.new{ |r|
      r.align   = "right"
      r.bgcolor = "blue"
      r.content = "hello world"
   }

   table.push row1, row2

   row1.content = "foofoo"
   row1.configure(3){ |d| d.bgcolor = "pink" }

   row1.push Table::Row::Header.new{ |h|
      h.colspan = 2
      h.content = "This is a table header"
   }

   row2.push Table::Row::Header.new{ |h|
      h.colspan = 2
      h.content = "This is also a table header"
   }

   puts table.html

   #### output ####
   <table>
      <tr align='left' bgcolor='green'>
         <td>foo</td>
         <td>bar</td>
         <td>baz</td>
        <td bgcolor='pink'>foofoo</td>
         <th colspan=2>This is a table header</th>
      </tr>
      <tr align='right' bgcolor='blue'>
        <td>hello world</td>
         <th colspan=2>This is also a table header</th>
      </tr>
   </table>

   See the 'examples' directory for more examples.

== Mixins
   Table::Row is a subclass of Array and therefore mixes in Enumerable.  It
   also mixes in Attribute_Handler.

== Class Methods
Table::Row.new(arg=nil)
Table::Row.new(arg=nil){ |t| ... }
    Creates a new table.  You can set attributes for the TableRow by passing
    a block.
    
    If +arg+ is supplied, it is automatically interpreted to be content.
    This is a shortcut for Table::Row.new{ |r| r.content = '...' }.

== Instance Methods
Table::Row#[]=(index,obj)
   Assigns +obj+ to index.  The +obj+ must be a Table::Row::Header or
   Table::Row::Data object, or a TypeError is raised.

Table::Row#content
   Returns the HTML content of the TableRow instance, i.e. the stuff between
   the <TR> and </TR> tags.

Table::Row#content=(args)
   Because a Table::Row doesn't store any of its own content, the arguments
   to this method must be a Table::Row::Data object, a Table::Row::Header
   object, or a String (or an array of any of these).  In the latter case,
   a single Table::Row::Data object is created for each string.

Table::Row#html
   Returns the entire HTML content of the TableRow instance.

Table::Row#push(obj)
   Pushes +obj+ onto the Table::Row. The +obj+ must be a
   Table::Row::Data or Table::Row::Header object, or a TypeError is
   raised.

Table::Row#unshift(obj)
   Unshifts +obj+ onto the Table::Row.  The same rules for push apply
   to unshift as well.

== Notes
   String attributes are quoted.  Numeric attributes are not.

   Some attributes have type checking.  Some check for valid arguments.  In
   the latter case, it is case-insensitive.

   Using a non-standard extension (e.g. "background") will send a warning to
   STDERR in $VERBOSE (-w) mode.
