== Description
   An interface for generating HTML Tables with Ruby.

== Synopsis
   require "html/table"
   include HTML

   table = HTML::Table.new{ |t|
      t.border  = 1
      t.bgcolor = "red"
   }

   table.push Table::Row.new{ |r|
      r.align   = "left"
      r.bgcolor = "green"
      r.content = ["foo","bar","baz"]
   }

   row = Table::Row.new{ |r|
      r.align   = "right"
      r.bgcolor = "blue"
      r.content = "hello world"
   }

   table[1] = row

   puts table.html

   #### output ####
   <table border=1 bgcolor='red'>
      <tr align='left' bgcolor='green'>  # row 0
         <td>foo</td>                    # column 0
         <td>bar</td>                    # column 1
         <td>baz</td>                    # column 2
      </tr>
      <tr align='right' bgcolor='blue'>  # row 1
         <td>hello world</td>            # column 0
      </tr>
   </table>

   See the 'examples' directory for more examples.

== Mixins
   Table is a subclass of Array, and therefore mixes in Enumerable. The
   push, unshift and []= methods have been modified. See below for details.    
    
   Table also mixes in the AttributeHandler module which provides methods
   for adding attributes to each of the tag types. See attributes.rdoc for
   more details.

== Constants
VERSION
    The current version number (a String). This serves as the VERSION number
    for the entire html-table package.

== Class Methods
Table.new(arg=nil)
Table.new(arg=nil){ |t| ... }
   Creates a new Table instance.  You can set attributes for the Table by
   passing a block.
    
   If +arg+ is supplied, it is automatically interpreted to be content. This
   is a shortcut for Table.new{ |t| t.content = '...' }.

Table.global_end_tags?
   Returns the value of the global_end_tags class variable.  By default,
   this is true.

Table.global_end_tags=(true|false)
   Sets the global_end_tags class variable. This determines class-wide, for
   those classes where end tags are optional, whether or not end tags are
   included in the final html. Classes where end tags are not optional are
   not affected.
    
   If set to false, this overrides individual class end tags settings.

== Instance Methods
Table#[]=(index, object)
   Assigns +object+ to +index+. There are restrictions to the data
   types that you can assign to a Table instance. They include Caption,
   ColGroup, Body, Foot, Head and Row. You cannot assign a slice (yet).

Table#configure(row_num, col_num=0){ |td_object| block }
   Configures column +col_num+ at row +row_num+, using a block to set
   options. If only +row_num+ is specified, then you'll be configuring
   only the row. Generally speaking, that means you'll be configure a
   Table::Row and not a Data or Header object.

Table#content
   Returns the HTML content.

Table#content=(arg)
   Adds data to the Table. The +arg+ may be a Table::Row object, an
   Array of Table::Row objects, an Array of Array's, an Array of Strings,
   or a single String.  In the last two cases, a single Table::Row with a
   single Table::Row::Data object is created, with the string as the content.

Table#html
   Returns the entire HTML content for the Table Object. This is what you
   want to print when you're done creating your Table.

Table#push(obj)
    Pushes +obj+ onto the Table, where +obj+ must be a Row, Caption,
    ColGroup, Body, Foot or Head object. Also note that the Caption and Head
    objects will automatically put themselves at row 0 (or possibly 1, in the
    case of a Head object where a Caption already exists).

Table#unshift(obj)
    Unshifts +obj+ onto the Table. The same rules apply to unshift as
    they do to push.

== Notes
    A Table consists of Table::Row, Table::Caption, Table::ColGroup,
    Table::Body, Table::Foot, Table::Head and Table::Row objects. Table::Row
    objects in turn consist of Table::Row::Data and Table::Row::Header
    objects. Table::ColGroup objects consist of Table::ColGroup::Col
    objects. Table::Head, Table::Body and Table::Foot objects consist
    of Table::Row objects.
    
    String attributes are quoted. Numeric attributes are not.

    Some attributes have type checking. Some check for valid arguments. In
    the latter case, it is case-insensitive. See the documentation on
    specific methods for more details.

    Using a non-standard extension (e.g. "background") will send a warning to
    STDERR in $VERBOSE (-w) mode.

== Known Bugs
    None that I'm aware of. Please report bugs on the project page at
    http://www.rubyforge.org/projects/shards.

== Future Plans
   Allow standard html tags to be added to elements as appropriate, such
   as <B>, <I>, etc.

   CSS support.

== Acknowledgements
   Anthony Peacock, for giving me ideas with his HTML::Table Perl module.
   Holden Glova and Culley Harrelson for API suggestions and comments.

== License
   Ruby's

== Copyright
   (C) 2003-2008 Daniel J. Berger
   All Rights Reserved

== Warranty
   This package is provided "as is" and without any express or
   implied warranties, including, without limitation, the implied
   warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.

== Author
   Daniel J. Berger
   djberg96 at nospam at gmail dot com
   imperator on IRC (irc.freenode.net)
