== Description
   A Table::Row::Data object represents a single <TD></TD> instance for an HTML
   Table.  For purposes of html-table, it also represents a "column"

== Synopsis
   require "html/table"
   require HTML
    
   Table::Row.end_tags = false
   Table::Row::Data.end_tags = false

   table = Table.new{ |t| t.border = 1 }
   row = Table::Row.new

   col1 = Table::Row::Data.new{ |d|
      d.abbr    = "test"
      d.align   = "right"
      d.content = "hello world"
   }

   col2 = Table::Row::Data.new{ |d|
      d.align   = "center"
      d.content = "Matz rules!"
   }

   col3 = Table::Row::Data.new{ |d|
      d.align   = "left"
      d.content = "Foo!"
   }

   row.push col1, col2, col3

   puts table.html

   #### output ####
   <table border=1>
      <tr>
         <td abbr='test' align='right'>hello world
         <td align='center'>Matz rules!
         <td align='left'>Foo!
   </table>

   See the 'examples' directory under 'doc' for more examples.

== Mixins
   Table::Row::Data mixes in Attribute_Handler.    

== Class Methods
Table::Row::Data.new(arg=nil)
Table::Row::Data.new(arg=nil){ |t| ... }
   Creates a new table.  You can set attributes for the Table::Row::Data by
   passing a block.
   
   If +arg+ is supplied, it is automatically interpreted to be content.
   This is a shortcut for Table::Row::Data.new{ |d| d.content = '...' }.

Table::Row::Data.end_tags
   Returns true or false to indicate whether end tags are included or not.

Table::Row::Data.end_tags=(bool)
   Sets whether or not end tags are included in the html.

Table::Row::Data.indent_level
   Returns the current number of spaces that <TD> tags are indented.  The
   default is 6.

Table::Row::Data.indent_level=(num)
   Sets the number of spaces that <TD> tags are indented.

== Instance Methods
TableData#content
   Returns the content of the TableData object, i.e. the stuff between <TD>
   and </TD>.

Table::Row::Data#content=(string)
   Sets the content for the TableData object, i.e. the stuff between <TD>
   and </TD>.

Table::Row::Data#html
   Returns all html content for the TableData instance.

== Notes
   The end tags for Table::Row::Data objects are are the same line as the
   begin tags.
    
   String attributes are quoted.  Numeric attributes are not.

   Some attributes have type checking.  Some check for valid arguments.  In
   the latter case, it is case-insensitive.

   Using a non-standard extension (e.g. "background") will send a warning to
   STDERR in $VERBOSE (-w) mode.
